---
layout: post
title: Sponsors Wanted!
date: 2025-11-24 09:30:00-0400
inline: false
related_posts: false
---

We are looking for sponsors to support our ZHAW CTF Team as we prepare for upcoming competitions and events. 
Sponsorships help us cover costs for event participation, equipment, training resources, and team swag.

---

For several years now, we have been organizing a Capture The Flag (CTF) evening -- the Pizza Hacking Night -- for 
students at ZHAW once per semester. This evening offers students of all 
levels (bachelor's, master's, and PhD) the opportunity 
to participate in a CTF together. In recent years, for example, we have regularly participated in the 
Hack The Box University CTF. 

A special focus of this event is not only on getting to know CTFs, but also 
on offering participants the opportunity to get to know Swiss cyber security companies. 
That's why every semester we look for a company that is willing to sponsor the event and 
introduce itself to the students during the event. In recent years, we have always 
had between 20 to 40 students participating and have been sponsored by RedGuard, TEMET, 
United Security Providers, and Pentagrid, among others.

We are actively seeking sponsors to help fuel the growth and success of **Pizzhaw**. In the past years, our 
**Pizza Hacking Night** events have been made possible through generous support from
sponsors. These events provide invaluable hands-on experience for our students, allowing them to tackle 
real-world cybersecurity challenges in a collaborative environment. In addition, companies sponsoring
the event have the opportunity to connect with emerging talent in the cybersecurity field and get to 
show their commitment to fostering education and skill development.

**What we offer to our sponsors:**
- Brand visibility at our events and on our website
- Recognition in our social media and promotional materials
- Opportunities to engage with talented students passionate about cybersecurity
- Potential recruitment connections with future cybersecurity professionals
- A chance to support education and skill development in the field of cybersecurity

If your organization is interested in sponsoring **Pizzhaw**, please reach out to us at [suth@zhaw.ch](mailto:suth@zhaw.ch).
We would be happy to discuss sponsorship packages and how we can collaborate to achieve mutual benefits.













